Description
Objective
Explore the dataset to identify differences between the customers of each product. You can also explore relationships between
the different attributes of the customers. You can approach it from any other line of questioning that you feel could be 
relevant for the business. The idea is to get you comfortable working in Python.

You are expected to do the following :

Come up with a customer profile (characteristics of a customer) of the different products
Perform univariate and multivariate analyses
Generate a set of insights and recommendations that will help the company in targeting new customers.
 

Data Dictionary
The data is about customers of the treadmill product(s) of a retail store called Cardio Good Fitness. It contains the 
following variables-

Product - The model no. of the treadmill
Age -  Age of the customer in no of years
Gender - Gender of the customer
Education - Education of the customer in no. of years
Marital Status - Marital status of the customer
Usage - Avg. # times the customer wants to use the treadmill every week
Fitness - Self rated fitness score of the customer (5 - very fit, 1 - very unfit)
Income - Income of the customer
Miles- Miles that a customer expects to run
 

Best Practices for Notebook
The notebook should be well-documented, with inline comments explaining the functionality of code and markdown cells 
containing comments on the observations and insights.
The notebook should be run from start to finish in a sequential manner before submission.
It is preferable to remove all warnings and errors before submission.
The notebook should be submitted as an HTML file (.html) and NOT as a notebook file (.ipynb).
 

Submission Guidelines
The submission should be a well-commented Jupyter notebook [format - .html]
Any assignment found copied/ plagiarized with other groups will not be graded and awarded zero marks.
Please ensure timely submission as any submission post-deadline will not be accepted for evaluation.
Submission will not be evaluated if
it is submitted post-deadline, or,
more than 1 file is submitted.
 

Happy Learning!

Scoring guide (Rubric) - Cardio Good Fitness


Criteria	                                                                                       Points

Understanding the structure of the data
- Overview of the dataset shape, datatypes - Statistical summary and check for missing values            2


Univariate Data Analysis
 - Analysis of spread and distribution of every feature in the dataset.                                  8


Multivariate Data Analysis
- Analysis of interaction between features, in the dataset.                                              10


Quality & Use of visualisations
- The details in Visualization used.                                                                     6


Conclusion and Recommendations
- Conclude with the key insights/observations                                                            10


Well commented Python Code
- Structure and flow - Well commented code                                                               4


Points	                                                                                                 40